I can't wait until a congressman fists you in the snow, you aborted shit stain.
You are not even close to very nice, in fact you're a queef.
Eat a love wand, you British cotton picker.
You whoreson loggerhead, thou pathetic elf-skinned gudgeon.
Wow you have a pretty smile. I'd like to wreck it with my monsterous pants porpoise.
Na son, you best shift yo fat white ass you crack smokin' assclown.
Jesus you are repelling and you reek, we should hang out so I can skin you alive.
I am starting to think you adore daydreaming about Justin Bieber perhaps a bit too much.
It is written that they wish you would die.
Suck a satchel of bloody dicks.
Run along, you dreaded shitwanker.
When compared to you, herpes doesn't seem so bad.
Holy shit you are unsightly and you smell, let us meet up so I can strangle you.
Go fuck your right hand, you sorry prick.
In comparison with you, diarrhea sounds pretty good.
Your stench is wholly repulsive.
It is written that your parents have given up on you.
I pray that you suffocate on a severed cock, you goddamn fuckwit bastard.
I dream of a time when you get chlamydia.
Your continued existence causes me daily pain.
You have a horrendous sense of humor, horrible swamp ass, and you're pretty goddamn ugly.
Go suck your Mom's dick, you  poor, ignorant, mullet-wearing couch jockey.
At some point I will take a humungous steaming crap on your dog.
Eat a clam skewer, you Brazilian fruit picker.
It's typical for me to go for a jog and envision you getting raped in jail.
You are gross and you smell like butt butter.
There are rumors that your turn-ons include wrinkle fingering and scat porn.
You are hideous, raunchy, idiotic, you smell and your existence depresses me.
Go fuck hideous skanks, you shitty bitch.
I find you so disgusting that I would rather bathe in fire ants than let you near me.
You have a shitty attitude, horrible morals, and you're pretty goddamn fat.
Why are you so pissy, knob jockey, did someone poop in your fanny pack?
You are so good looking. And by good looking I of course mean repelling.
I'd rather masturbate with knives to my family's funeral than wake up next to you.
I very much hope a Canadian stabs you in the back door, you rotting child molester.
You will never have nice things.
I pray that you get chlamydia.
I can't wait until you suffocate on a throbbing cock, you dickless fuckdoll.
Your odor is wholly nasty.
Feel free to suck spunk from my anus, you filthy son of a bitch.
Your turn-ons are goat fucking and assless chaps.
I need you to just quit being a terrible cunt  for at least a couple hours.
Feel free to jump my sphincter, you dirty shitstain.
Yeah I know that you're a wretched cunt, but holy sweet christ, go fuck a meat grinder.
Your scent is altogether like shit.
Woah, you best bounce the fuck outta here you lazy piece of shit douche.
I'm just about to take a monsterous stinking poop in your office.
Eat a flesh hoagie, you French butcher.
You are homely and you smell like diarrhea.
We should meet for coffee, it's legendary to be near someone with such major problems.
I will have sex with a willing partner and you will be decapitated.
Die in an ocean of cocks, you sorrowful bitch.
Eat a bucket of severed dicks.
Damn you're swell. And by swell I of course mean hideous.
Dude, fuck you, you bitch. I don't want your nonsense in my life.
Go fuck your brother you slut.
You are not even close to swell, in fact you're a pile of shit.
Tell me why do you reek like you live in a ditch, did you shit your pants?
Do shotgun a tub of cockwater, you shitfalcon.
I will live in a nice house and you will be mopping floors for minimum wage.
Come you are a tedious fool, thou wretched idle-headed king of codpieces.
Bitch, you best pull that dick out yo face you pole smokin' pussy.
Please fuck off, you disagreeable shitmonster.
My version of a superb Friday evening is watching a republican stab your ass.
It's typical for me to chill out at home and visualize you being tortured.
I will take a gigantic crap in your oven.
I'm going to bend over so you can screw my brown eyed willy, you unhygenic ballsack.
Why are you so pissed off, Nancy Drew, did someone take a nice shit in your milkshake?
I will hump you so relentlessly that your house will smell for months.
You're the first shitlord I've ever strongly desired to do away with.
Get donkey punched, you insignificant piece of shit.
Don't you just have a beautiful ass. I'd like to wreck it with my humungous penis.
When compared to you, setting myself on fire sounds pretty good.
Why are you so aggravated, dickface, did someone take a poop in your purse?
When compared to you, getting fucked by a chainsaw seems not so scary.
You have a horrid body, dreadful parents, and you're pretty goddamn dumb.
I strongly suspect you love 4chan a trifle too much.
Damn you, thou unwashed clay-brained dilatory sloth.
You are unsightly and you smell like voodoo butter.
I despise you so much I can't even stand without crying.
Why on earth do you reek so bad, did you embrace your love of wallowing in your own shit?
You have a horrible personality, shitty ideas, and you're pretty goddamn dumb.
I would be happy if you shut your fucking noise hole, you menaingless bag of feces.
You're the first son of a bitch I've ever wished to assassinate.
I'm fully aware that you're a valueless twat, but holy good god, get fucked.
I dislike you so much I can't even socialize normally.
Eat a love wand, you Chinese fruit picker.
I can't wait until you suffocate on an acrylic cock, you toilet bowl licking cunt.
You are homely, grungy, retarded, you smell and nobody likes you.
You are not even remotely sexy, in fact you're a druggie.
Everyone says the only fucking you get is from your family members.
Every time I see a rapist take a mutant wet shit in a cab, it reminds me of you.
Hey cheese gobbler, I find your humungous stomach repulsive.
I will make it home tonight and you will be alone and unhappy.
Suck a bowl of severed dicks.
I fervently hope you gag on a homeless man's cock, you tramp fisting bastard.
Everyone says the only action you get is from your right hand.
Listen, eat shit, you nerd. I don't need to deal with you in my life.
You really have an adorable smile. I'd like to ravage it with my mutant love wand.
I can't wait until you get dementia early.
Uh, fuck you, you prick. I do not need to deal with your bullshit in my life.
Your astonishing stench is unreservedly unpleasant.
I fervently hope you get scabies.
You're very sexy. And by sexy I of course mean humpbacked.
If you have any self respect just shut your Jewish yap, you witless douche caboose.
My idea of a fantastic Monday night is watching a yeti abuse your hole.
There is no doubt that I'm going to take a humungous shiny rump rocket in your shower.
The fact you haven't run into traffic causes me daily pain.
I often like to go to church and think about you with shattered legs.
Every time I see a sky pilot take a mutant wet shit on the subway, it reminds me of you.
You're very sexy. And by sexy I of course mean gross.
Why don't you come here and lick my anus, you filthy piece of shit.
Go fuck your cousin, you lonely cock.
Sure you can suck cockwater from my stink, you grungy nerd.
You really have a hot ass. It's a shame I have to demolish it with my humungous penis.
The depressing idea that you still have your freedom is why I left town.
Fuck you with a rake.
Feel free to suck spunk from my chocolate starfish, you filthy twat.
Fuck you with a shovel.
I'm encouraging you to shut the fuck up, you discourteous sack of ass.
You are disfigured, nasty, foolish, you reek and even your friends secretly hate you.
Hey cholesterol hoarder, I find your huge rippling ass appalling.
I want you to suck my butthole, you nasty shit.
I strongly suspect you like playing with yourself a wee bit too much.
Hey cheese gobbler, I find your back fat revolting.
You will never fail to disappoint.
When compared to you, being killed seems not so scary.
You can go right ahead and suck jizz from my rectal opening, you scuzzy twat.
I will wallop you right in your oozing clunge, you psychotic shitlord.
Every time I see a homeless guy take a humungous shit in a bucket, it reminds me of you.
The depressing idea that you still have your freedom makes me sick.
I fervently hope you contract knobrot.
Feel free to suck spunk from my brown eyed willy, you grungy loser.
Your brother says that your turn-ons consist of goat banging and backboobs.
I will live out your dreams and you will be eternally miserable.
Piss off and quaff a bucket of cocksmilk, you shitlord.
You have a horrendous boyfriend, dreadful ethics, and you're pretty fucking worthless.
I find you so revolting that you're making me nauseous.
Thy loins repulse me, thou degenerate hell-bound greybeard.
I am starting to think you love parking near the playground just a tad too much.
The fact you haven't killed yourself keeps me up at night.
Fuck you with a stake.
We should meet for coffee, it's incredible to hang out with someone with so many lice.
Bitch, you best watch yoself you stupid fuckin' fuckdoll.
I hope that someday soon you gag on your Mom's cock, you neo-conservative bitch.
That you still draw breath hurts the human race as a species.
I'm not saying you're a skank, but if your ham wallet had a password, it would be abc123.
Damn you have a cute smile. It's a shame I have to wreck it with my humungous unit.
Go away, you repellent poopfalcon.
Hey ham planet, I find your back fat appalling.
Sure you can suck cockwater from my butt, you unhygenic shitfalcon.
Most people say that you have developed a taste for your own semen.
I find you so repulsive that I would rather bathe in fire ants than let you near me.
I very much hope you gag on your Mom's dick, you brown-nosing cunt.
You are not even remotely swell, in fact you're a butt snorkeler.
Every time I see a drug dealer take a huge dump onto another man, it reminds me of you.
You will never fail to disappoint.
We should hang out, it's mind-numbing to visit with someone with actual issues.
I will fuck you so hard that your bed will smell for decades.
Why are you so bitter, knob jockey, did someone poop in your bran flakes?
A pox on thy family, thou degenerate swag-bellied barnacle.
Fuck you with a post digger.
I'm not going to pretend I feel sorry for the family member I poisoned.
Every time I see a Christian take a mutant dump onto another woman, it reminds me of you.
Go fuck your right hand, you sorry shitlord.
I would be happy if you shut your fucking cry hole, you menaingless barrel of ass.
I heard the only action you get is from your brother.
Fucking hang yourself, you terrible piece of shit.
Die in a river of smegma, you sorrowful piece of shit.
I pray that a ballerina slaps you in a van, you horrible ditch pig.
Grow a fucking pair, you wretched piece of shit.
Sometimes I like to go for a jog and picture you begging for mercy.
I'm fully aware that you're a worthless loser, but holy fuck, go hang yourself.
I will fuck you so relentlessly that your office will reek for weeks.
People say that your turn-ons are goat fucking and Ron Weasley.
Why are you in a bad mood, shitfalcon, did someone poop in your microwave?
Your nauseating stink is simply revolting.
You are not even remotely sexy, in fact you're a cattle raper.
Sometimes I like to lean back with a beer and envision you being tortured.
The idea that you're not dead causes your family to weep at night.
I'm not going to pretend I feel sorry for your awful relationship.
Bathe in a river of cocks, you deplorable bitch.
You will never have sex with a willing partner.
I wake up every morning hoping that you get AIDS.
I'm going to bend over so you can bang my butthole, you filthy ass pirate.
I don't even feel sorry for that time I forgot your birthday.
Every time I see a convict take a gigantic fucking shit in a cab, it reminds me of you.
It would be fantastic if you be quiet, you thoughtless barrel of ass.
Fuck you with a snow shovel.
You make it very hard to feel sorry for your miserable life.
Hey chunky, I find your corpulent rolls terrible to behold.
Wallow in a river of vomit, you deplorable son of a bitch.
I'm sure it's true that your backboobs are growing at an alarming rate.
Your odor is totally like shit.
Go fuck your pillow, you forever alone fucker.
Go fuck a porcupine, you good-for-nothing cocksucker.
I dislike you so much I can't even see straight.
Piss off and huff a gallon of spooge, you moron.
You're the first moron I've ever yearned to asphyxiate.
Go fuck your stuffed animals you loser.
Travelers will wax poetic on your breathtaking mindlessness for decades after I kill you.
Most people say that you are the ugliest human alive.
You are deformed and you smell like twat gravy.
I suspect you adore Animal Planet a trifle too much.
Your scent is absolutely horrendous.
I hope that someday soon you suffocate on a severed dick, you tree hugging cunt.
Go fuck yourself, you incommodious shitskank.
Go fuck your mom, you forever alone moron.
Goddamn it you fucking pussy, you shitty bitch.
We should hang out, it's stunning to talk to someone with so many lice.
Your stench is absolutely disgusting.
Eat a bushel of severed dicks.
I will be happy with your life and you will be alone and unhappy.
Oh, fuck you, you bitch. I don't need your nonsense in my life.
Go fuck your cousin, you forever alone bitch.
When compared to you, cancer doesn't seem so bad.
Why don't you blow my rectal opening, you grungy butthole.
I will wallop you straight in your rotten cooter cleavage, you psychotic son of a bitch.
Hey lardass, I find your giant flabby arms revolting.
Suck a bowl of severed dicks.
I hope that someday soon you get chronic jock itch.
Get off my dick, you displeasing cockfalcon.
We should hang out, it's stunning to talk to someone with so many dependencies.
I am inclined to believe you adore goatse maybe a little too much.
I'd rather masturbate with razor wire to scabies porn than associate with you.
I will pummel you straight in your rotten fur burger, you slimy shitfalcon.
Every time I see a fireman take a giant fucking crap at McDonalds, it reminds me of you.
Go hump a goat, you insignificant cocksucker.
I despise you so much I can't even breathe.
I have heard that you still cry about her.
Bitch, you best move yo dumb bitch ass you motherfuckin' cocksucker.
Why don't you come here and screw my brown eyed willy, you scuzzy heap of fucking shit.
I dream of a time when you are diagnosed with cancer.
You have a shitty face, dreadful morals, and you're pretty goddamn stupid.
Why are you so irritable, dickbutt, did someone take a nice shit in your cheerios?
Go fuck your stuffed animals, you shitty son of a bitch.
Please fuck off, you repellent dickbitch.
Everyone says the only loving you get is from your mom.
I despise you so much I can't even have children.
Don't you just have a cute ass. I'd like to mutilate it with my mutant knob.
Wow you're good looking. And by good looking I actually mean unbeautiful.
Wow you're very nice. And by very nice I really mean appalling.
I can't wait until you get typhoid.
You have a terrible husband, horrid morals, and you're pretty goddamn dumb.
Do slurp a tub of spunk, you douche.
Leave me the fuck alone, you unsatisfactory cocksicle.
You will never be over it.
I will buttfuck you so relentlessly that your kitchen will stink for weeks.
Seriously apologize to that man, what the fucking fuck is the matter with you?
Eat baby feces, you wretched cocksucker.
In comparison with you, dying isn't so bad.
I just can't feel sorry for your unfortunate facial features.
Seriously why do you reek like buttrot, did you make love to a manure pile?
You will never fail to disappoint.
You are foul, grungy, moronic, you smell and I wish you were stillborn.
In comparison with you, fucking a lawnmower seems not so scary.
You have a shitty life, bad ethics, and you're pretty fucking stupid.
Why don't you screw my sphincter, you scuzzy ass pirate.
You are so lovable. And by lovable I of course mean unbeautiful.
Dear Lord shut your bloated mouth, you senseless shitfalcon.
Why don't you blow my rectal opening, you scuzzy beaver.
Goddamnit be polite, what the cock is the matter with you?
I'm going to come into your house and take a monsterous juicy shit on your counter.
Eat a man spear, you Iranian poolboy.
Don't give me an excuse to take a mutant fucking crap in your bedroom.
I'd rather masturbate with a baseball bat to my family's funeral than be your friend.
I strongly suspect you love parking by the elementary school a trifle too much.
Go fuck your stuffed animals, you pathetic moron.
You are foul, foul, retarded, you reek and it's a pity you've survived this long.
I will live out your dreams and you will be murdered.
Eat a dick, you Israeli cock farmer.
Why don't you come here and suck man batter from my asshole, you unhygenic twat.
You have a horrid car, bad swamp ass, and you're pretty goddamn disgusting.
Go fuck your stuffed animals, you pathetic cunt.
You're the first prick I've ever needed to eradicate.
Hey hogzilla, I find your appetite for fried chicken detestable.
Man, sod off, you shitlord. I do not need to deal with you in my life.
Please mow a pint of man mayo, you bitch.
I pray that you gag on an acrylic dick, you buttfucking bitch.
I am starting to think you like Animal Planet just a tad too much.
My version of a lovely Wednesday morning is witnessing a hideous chick punch your hole.
You repulse me so completely that I'm trying to hire someone to kill you.
Eat shit, you  underprivileged, redneck, moonshine-drinking hog wrestler.
You are not even close to hot, in fact you're a crack whore.
Suck a bucket of severed dicks.
Eat a clam skewer, you Peruvian whoremaster.
Why don't you come here and suck man batter from my butt, you grungy fucker.
My idea of a wonderful Thursday night is witnessing a sex offender wreck your junk.
Suck a satchel of bloody dicks.
Suck a fucking dick, you worthless bastard.
I fervently hope you get typhoid.
When you least expect it I will take a huge fucking crap on your desk.
I am starting to think you like parking by the elementary school a wee bit too much.
I'm not saying you're a slut, but if your dick holster had a password, it would be 12345.
Eat a unit, you French lobster fisherman.
In comparison with you, getting a blowjob from a crocodile sounds pretty good.
In comparison with you, launching myself off a cliff sounds pretty good.
We should hang out sometime, it's overwhelming to see someone with so many dependencies.
When compared to you, lighting myself on fire sounds pretty good.
You repulse me so thoroughly that I considered self-immolation to protest your existence.
Have you no modesty, thou miserable milk-livered dog-ape.
Look, eat shit, you douche. I do not need to deal with your stupid nonsense in my life.
Sometimes I like to relax and think about you getting raped in jail.
Compared with you, dying in a fire doesn't seem so bad.
Eat a bag of putrid dicks.
I strongly suspect you like babysitting perhaps a bit too much.
I hate you so much I can't even go to the bathroom by yourself.
You are invited to be quiet, you inconsiderate bag of lard.
I hate you so much I can't even walk in a straight line.
Your turn-ons consist of sausage fondling and Karl Rove.
Go fuck your mom you shitfalcon.
You are foul and you smell like duck butter.
You're the first nerd I've ever hoped to do away with.
Why are you bitchy, cockbreath, did someone take a nice shit in your fanny pack?
Your overpowering stench is utterly nasty.
Why don't you just run along, you shitty piece of shit.
Dear Lord shut your shitty cake hole, you foolish fatty.
I hope that someday soon you get chronic jock itch.
Fuck you with a snow shovel.
Why don't you suck ejaculate from my brown eyed willy, you unhygenic bitch.
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits, you worthless piece of shit.
Suck a fat dick, you  poor, illiterate, banjo playing crack baby.
You have alcoholism. Don't cry however, the news isn't all bad. You're also going to die.
Go fuck your right hand you shitfalcon.
You disgust me so completely that I told everyone you have AIDS.
Why are you so bitter, Sally, did someone shit in your fanny pack?
Go rot, thou malevolent knotty-pated chewet.
You have a dreadful laptop, horrendous teeth, and you're pretty goddamn annoying.
That you continue to live makes me beat my children.
I can't wait until you break your last wagon tongue miles from chimney rock.
My version of a superb Tuesday night is witnessing a mailman obliterate your neck.
I find you so obnoxious that you're making me nauseous.
Go fuck hideous skanks, you lonely son of a bitch.
We all voted so please just stop being a valueless bitch  for at least three weeks.
You are not even close to swell, in fact you're a porch monkey.
Suck a bag of putrid dicks.
I find you so repulsive that I think it could legitimately be considered a super power.
The fact you haven't killed yourself is the source of emotional anguish for hundreds.
I will be a reasonable weight and you will be forever alone.
Woah, I'ma slap yo bitch ass out you lazy piece of shit man mattress.
Everyone says the only loving you get is from your right hand.
Suck a pound of spicy dicks.
Just funnel a can of ejaculate, you cunt.
You are so sexy. And by sexy I actually mean humpbacked.
I'd rather masturbate with a riding crop to fecal porn than spend another day with you.
Away! Thou art poison to my blood, thou spiteful beef-witted dastard foeman.
I suspect you love playing with yourself just a bit too much.
Wow you have a cute ass. It's a shame I have to demolish it with my mutant fist.
Piss off, you  bankrupt, redneck, banjo playing trailer jockey.
Will you please shut your shitty box, you moronic shitfalcon.
Why on earth do you smell like death, did you straight up shit yourself?
It's typical for me to lie down and picture you begging for mercy.
Go fuck yourself, you  impoverished, illiterate, white trash porch monkey.
You're very cool. And by cool I really mean awful looking.
I will smile again and you will be rotting in a grave.
When you least expect it I will take a giant juicy shit directly into your mouth.
I'd rather masturbate with battery acid to herpes porn than be friends with you.
You're the first bitch I've ever strongly desired to sacrifice.
I will be funny and you will be a waste of space.
Hey chunky, I find your insatiable appetite terrible to behold.
I will thump you right in your festering hatchet wound, you oversexed shitfalcon.
I will screw you so hard that your car will smell for years.
I wake up every morning hoping that you get diabetes.
I will give you a Mexican huntress.
Na son, you best shut the fuck up you weak-ass ballsack.
You are not even close to swell, in fact you're a taco slurper.
Why are you so aggravated, shitbreath, did someone take a nice shit in your bran flakes?
You are fucking unattractive and you smell like butt butter.
Fuck yourself, you  poverty-stricken, redneck, white trash hog wrestler.
Go fuck your tube sock you fucker.
Fuck you with a rake.
Piss off and shotgun a pint of man mayo, you loser.
Damn you're lovable. And by lovable I really mean unbeautiful.
Run along and gargle a bowl of spunk, you skank.
Your scent is just gruesome.
The fact you haven't killed yourself makes me want to drown puppies.
You will never find happiness.
You've driven me to take a huge dump inside your chest cavity.
Why are you so irritable, dickbutt, did someone poop in your frosted flakes?
Eat a satchel of boiled dicks.
You are awful looking and you smell like feces.
Fucking hang yourself, you terrible fuckdoll.
You can go right ahead and screw my chocolate starfish, you foul shit.
Go fuck your wet towel you cunt.
You have a horrendous car, shitty ethics, and you're pretty fucking fat.
Wow you have a hot ass. It's a shame I have to ruin it with my monsterous man spear.
You will never find happiness.
Oh, fuck off, you fucker. I don't need to deal with your issues right now.
I will pound you square in your swampy flange, you uppity fucker.
Eat shit, you incommodious dickmonster.
You're the first cunt I've ever hungered to poison.
Have a nice day, you  poverty-stricken, ignorant, Nascar-loving hog wrestler.
Damn you're good looking. And by good looking I actually mean motherfucking hideous.
You are not at all good looking, in fact you're a kiwi.
Eat a unit, you Mexican dirt merchant.
Your shitty odor is simply repulsive.
Fuck yourself, you  destitute, redneck, small-minded bull rider.
Please quaff a beaker of man batter, you fuck.
Most people say that your turn-ons include old man fingering and assless chaps.
Some say that your huge vagina smells like lobsters.
I am under the impression you love 4chan a wee bit too much.
I would be happy if you be quiet, you insignificant barrel of shit.
My version of a romantic Wednesday afternoon is witnessing a fat chick stab your mouth.
I wake up every morning hoping that a librarian fists you in prison, you disgusting tard.
Yeah I know that you're a wretched douche, but holy word, hang yourself.
You are motherfucking hideous and you smell like rectum relish.
Bathe in a river of semen, you deplorable son of a bitch.
I will hump you so brutally that your bathroom will reek for hours.
I will kill you if you don't shut your handjob-giving cry hole, you retarded queef.
When compared to you, dying seems not so scary.
Get off my dick, you unwelcome dickmonster.
I pray that you suffocate on a foul-smelling dick, you goat drilling bastard.
In comparison with you, setting myself on fire isn't really that bad.
You are not even close to sexy, in fact you're a cuntrag.
Go away, you unsuitable shitsicle.
Fuck you with a stake.
I will be successful and you will be homeless.
You are unbeautiful and you smell like muff mustard.
Hey lardass, I find your corpulent rolls difficult to believe.
I just can't bring myself to feel sorry for the cancer you're about to be diagnosed with.
Compared with you, getting fisted by a bear doesn't seem so bad.
It's typical for me to have a spot of tea and visualize you as my slave.
I will see her again and you will be eternally miserable.
Eat a man spear, you Indonesian AIDS patient.
You are repugnant, unhygenic, unintelligent, you smell and you're pathetic.
I hope that someday soon you get fleas.
I hate you so much I can't even socialize normally.
Go fuck your sister you moron.
Wallow in an ocean of semen, you sorrowful cunt.
At some point I will take a humungous goddamn shit in your oven.
I dislike you so much I can't even be a functional member of society.
Fuck you with a post digger.
You're the first shitfalcon I've ever hungered to lynch.
Your Mom says your turn-ons include back fat fondling and colonoscopies.
Fuck you with a shovel.
Do mow a bucket of man mayo, you twat.
I'm not saying you're a skank, but if your pussy had a password, it would be hellohello.
I despise you so much I can't even be a functional member of society.
Hey ham hound, I find your layers of rolls difficult to believe.
When compared to you, diarrhea isn't so bad.
We should meet up, it's stunning to visit with someone with actual issues.
Die in an ocean of anal pus, you sorrowful fuckdoll.
You will never live up to your parents expectations.
You're the first fuck I've ever hoped to eradicate.
I will fuck you so harshly that your room will stink for weeks.
You have a shitty car, bad goals, and you're pretty goddamn ugly.
A pox on you, thou unwashed folly-fallen fishmonger.
Don't you just have a hot smile. I'd like to wreck it with my humungous pants porpoise.
You are loathsome, unhygenic, slow, you reek and even your friends secretly hate you.
Want to hear something that would make me uncommonly glad? You being screwed by a horse.
I fervently hope a librarian kills you in a movie, you meaty wide-spread vagina.
You are motherfucking hideous and you reek, why don't we meet up so I can skin you alive.
It's simply an excessively wearisome time visualizing a worse fate than seeing you naked.
Your stink is simply loathsome.
I suspect you love goatse a little bit too much.
Your hideous smell is unreservedly disgusting.
My idea of a romantic Wednesday evening is watching a homeless guy thrust your junk.
Eat a platter of boiled dicks.
Go fuck your dad you moron.
Your astonishing stench is just nasty.
Go fuck your wet towel you prick.
I'd rather masturbate with barbed wire to dead children than be your friend.
I very much hope you catch the plague.
We should meet up, it's absurd to hang out with someone with real and crippling issues.
I often like to chill out at home and envision you sucking my dick.
Bathe in an ocean of fire, you pathetic bastard.
I will give you a Colombian lobster trap.
Your wretched stench is utterly grisly.
Go fuck your tube sock, you lonely shitfalcon.
Why don't you come here and suck man batter from my rectal opening, you filthy loser.
For the love of God shut your slap happy noise hole, you brainless fuckdoll.
I will pummel you right in your overfucked gash, you disgusting twat.
Die in a lake of semen, you wretched piece of shit.
Fuck you with a stake.
I will live in a nice house and you will be in prison.
Shut up, you  impoverished, toothless, inbred republican.
Go fuck your mom you cock.
Hey butterball, I find your appetite for fried chicken revolting.
Get off my dick, you troublesome shitmonster.
Your turn-ons include puckered anus touching and Hitler's wife.
I will give you a Hawaiian shoeshine.
I will give you a Chinese snowcone.
I hate you so much I can't even have children.
Bitch, you best move yo dumb bitch ass you dumb shit hillbilly.
Go fuck your stuffed animals, you sorry cunt.
You definitely have a gorgeous ass. I'd like to demolish it with my mutant schlong.
We all voted so please shut your felch tasting cry hole, you slow fuckass.
Hey butterball, I find your cellulite-ridden thighs terrible to behold.
I'd rather masturbate with a live piranha to scabies porn than see you again.
Why are you upset, dicknose, did someone take a poop in your bran flakes?
You can go right ahead and suck jizz from my butt cave, you scuzzy nerd.
I hate you so much I can't even stand without help.
I have heard that children flee at the sight of you.
You have a dreadful phone, horrendous morals, and you're pretty fucking ugly.
Dude you ate all my oreos, what the cock is the matter with you?
I find you so loathsome that I think I might actually throw up.
I can't wait until an ugly ugly man dick-whips you in the ass, you dripping fuckdoll.
Go fuck your brother you bitch.
Your nauseating stink is simply repulsive.
Eat a man spear, you Iranian whoremaster.
I will screw you so vengefully that your room will stink for months.
Fuck you with a pitchfork.
I'm not saying you're a skank, but if your gash had a password, it would be 1234.
My version of a flawless Sunday morning is seeing a fat chick ram your colon.
Get your ass over here and suck spooge from my anus, you foul slut.
Wow you're lovable. And by lovable I of course mean gross.
Why are you angry, dickface, did someone shit in your yogurt?
When compared to you, herpes seems not so scary.
I very much hope you get the clap.
You are not even remotely nice, in fact you're a knob goblin.
Go fuck your fleshlight, you shitty douche.
Sure you can suck cockwater from my pooper, you foul slut.
I hope that someday soon a police officer humps you in public, you meaty son of a bitch.
Fuck you with a pitchfork.
Bathe in a river of diarrhea, you pitiable fuckhole.
You can go right ahead and screw my asshole, you dirty bucket of yuck.
You have cancer. Never fear though, the news isn't all bad. You're also going to die.
The realization that you're not dead causes me daily pain.
We should meet for coffee, it's stunning to see someone with so many more neuroses.
Why the fuck do you smell like you bathed in a swamp, did you play in the dumpster again?
In comparison with you, Hitler isn't really that bad.
You have a shitty imagination, shitty morals, and you're pretty goddamn ugly.
I heard the only action you get is from your cousin.
Why are you so irritable, skid row, did someone take a poop in your fanny pack?
I find you so detestable that I question how you live with yourself.
Eat a schlong, you Guatemalan cock farmer.
Fuck you with a rake.
Eat shit, you loathsome pooplord.
Suck a fat dick, you  impoverished, illiterate, sister-fucking bull rider.
Please fuck off, you unsavory cuntsicle.
Bathe in an ocean of poop, you pitiable cocksucker.
Get out of my life, you scornful cockpriest.
I will wallop you straight in your festering hog funnel, you meaty son of a bitch.
You are not even close to very nice, in fact you're a cum sponge.
I can't wait until a janitor murders you in grand union, you yeasty douchebag.
I'd rather masturbate with an immersion blender to mime fights than be friends with you.
I loathe you so much I can't even have a baby.
Why are you so pissy, dickface, did someone take a big old poop in your bubble tea?
Damn you have a cute smile. I'd like to mutilate it with my humungous trouser snake.
You are not at all hot, in fact you're a knob goblin.
I wake up every morning hoping that you get genital warts.
I will find love and you will be in prison.
You will never cease to disappoint.
Eat a love wand, you Peruvian social worker.
You're the first fuck I've ever desired to electrocute.
Go rot, thou plebian beef-witted loggerhead.
Tell me why do you reek like you showered in feces, did you shit the bed?
Eat a knob, you Japanese social worker.
My understanding is that the only loving you get is from your brother.
Here's the thing, you can't socialize normally. It's presumably because you have boils.
So I know that you're a wretched fuck, but holy sweet christ, get fucked.
You have a terrible car, terrible children, and you're pretty goddamn annoying.
I will give you a Cuban treehouse.
You will never know how much people hate you.
I fervently hope you get chronic jock itch.
I will bang you so relentlessly that your bed will reek for weeks.
You really have an adorable ass. It will be enjoyable to ruin it with my giant unit.
You are repugnant and you smell like voodoo butter.
Why are you so bitter, Cinderella, did someone shit in your oatmeal?
We'd like you to shut the fuck up, you menaingless sack of ass.
Wallow in a river of diarrhea, you wretched asshole.
Why are you angry, douchefalcon, did someone take a big old poop in your wheaties?
I just farted a wad of actual poop out of my roomy cooch and it looked just like you.
You son of a bitch you can't do that in public, what the christ is the matter with you?
You will never see her again.
I will bang you so hard that your room will smell for months.
You have a shitty wife, shitty swamp ass, and you're pretty goddamn fat.
Please fuck off, you objectionable shitsicle.
You really have a gorgeous smile. It will be enjoyable to mutilate it with my giant cock.
Your wretched stench is wholly gruesome.
Yeah I know that you're a wretched cunt, but holy shitting fuck, go fuck a chainsaw.
Hey ham hound, I find your appetite for fried chicken terrible to behold.
You're very good looking. And by good looking I of course mean repulsive.
It's typical for me to relax in the hot tub and think about you being murdered.
I will screw you so vengefully that your car will reek for decades.
You will never get a great job.
You're the first son of a bitch I've ever hungered to drown.
I'd rather masturbate with boiling oil to jarsquatter than wake up next to you.
I find you so revolting that I tried hypnosis to forget you exist.
Go fuck your right hand, you lonely douche.
Please shut your fucking cake hole, you insignificant sack of fucking shit.
I dream of a time when a jogger fists you in a horse stall, you slap happy dick chaser.
I dream of a time when you suffocate on a foul-smelling cock, you queef chiefing bastard.
Why are you so irritable, Sally, did someone take a poop in your purse?
You are not at all lovable, in fact you're a camel toe.
Fuck yourself, you  classless, toothless, Nascar-loving couch jockey.
Suck a sack of spicy dicks.
There is no doubt that I'm going to take a giant liquid shit on your dining room table.
I will pummel you square in your shriveled bearded clam, you smelly moron.
You son of a bitch get in the car, what the shit is the matter with you?
Die in a lake of semen, you pathetic cunt.
Go fuck yourself, you unsatisfactory shitbitch.
Go and be choked with thy ambition, thou spiteful knot-pated miscreant.
I am under the impression you like craigslist maybe a little too much.
Go fuck your pillow, you lonely bitch.
Go fuck your cousin, you lonely fucker.
Just gargle a cup of cocksmilk, you cock.
In comparison with you, AIDS sounds pretty good.
It's typical for me to lie down and picture you being disemboweled.
You are disfigured and you smell like poop.
Fuck you with a post digger.
You are not at all good looking, in fact you're a slug felcher.
Why the hell do you reek like you wallowed in refuse, did you shit the bed?
I dream of a time when a thug pisses on you in a tree, you schlong-loving retard.
I will be funny and you will be rotting in a grave.
We all voted so please shut your vomit-inducing noise hole, you mindless fuckwit.
Why don't you come here and suck man batter from my cornhole, you scuzzy son of a bitch.
For the love of god why do you reek like dolphin queef, did you sleep in a barn?
I'm just going to go right ahead and take a mutant juicy shit on your dog.
Thy loins are ripe, thou rotten beetle-headed hedge-pig.
Leave me the fuck alone, you dreaded cockmonster.
My idea of a perfect Sunday morning is witnessing a sasquatch mutilate your whore mouth.
It's very important that you shut your period-stained cake hole, you idiotic fuckass.
I'm not saying you're a ho, but if your moose knuckle had a password, it would be 11111.
I just farted a hunk of tomato out of my cavernous vagina and it resembled you strongly.
I wake up every morning hoping that you get dysentery.
I just can't feel sorry for your terrible life.
I will give you a Iranian saxophone.
You are gross, filthy, slow, you reek and you will forever be alone.
You are humpbacked, scuzzy, dumb, you smell and everybody hates you.
Away! Thou art poison to my blood, thou spiteful half-faced gravel heart.
Go fuck disease-ridden prostitutes you skank.
Oh my christ why do you reek like you woke up in a dog bed, did you move in with a cow?
Dude apologize to that man, what the flying white shit is the matter with you?
Your astonishing stench is completely shitty.
Sometimes I like to take a bath and think about you dead.
I will kill you if you don't shut your reasty pie hole, you brainless scrotlicker.
I'm not saying you're a ho, but if your hog funnel had a password, it would be qwerty.
Suck a fat dick, you  poor, hillbilly, narrow-minded republican.
Dear Lord quit being a terrible pig rapist  for at least the next 10 minutes.
Fuck you with a hoe.
I will give you a Colombian love basket.
Why are you bitchy, Tinkerbell, did someone take a big old poop in your Captain Crunch?
You can go right ahead and blow my anus, you unhygenic piece of shit.
Your shitty odor is just revolting.
You're the first nerd I've ever wished to murder.
You really have a hot smile. It's a shame I have to demolish it with my mutant schlong.
You will never find happiness.
You are loathsome, nasty, foolish, you smell and you will forever be alone.
I am inclined to believe you love goatse just a bit too much.
I will whack you right in your overfucked serpent socket, you white loser.
Suck a platter of pickled dicks.
Go down on a dog, you worthless fuckhole.
I will whack you right in your festering twat, you fuckwit skank.
Compared with you, getting a blowjob from a crocodile isn't really that bad.
Go fuck your sister, you lonely fuck.
Get off my dick, you troublesome twatrag.
Compared with you, deep throating a cactus doesn't seem so bad.
When compared to you, fucking a shovel seems not so scary.
You have a dreadful boyfriend, terrible fashion, and you're pretty fucking ugly.
I find you so detestable that I think I'm seriously going to be sick.
Why are you bitchy, queef pirate, did someone take a big old poop in your glove box?
You have a bad life, horrendous parents, and you're pretty goddamn foul.
I'm not saying you're a skank, but if your twat had a password, it would be 12345.
Hey snorlax, I find your quivering back fat appalling.
You're very swell. And by swell I actually mean revolting.
I would love it if you would shut your bloated orifice, you moronic piss drinker.
Why don't you suck ejaculate from my pooper, you filthy fuck.
In comparison with you, being killed doesn't seem so bad.
Why are you so pissed off, princess, did someone take a big old shit in your microwave?
Your stench is wholly something awful.
You are not at all good looking, in fact you're a troll.
I'd see thee hanged, thou damnable doghearted whey-face.
Bitch, I'ma slap yo bitch ass out you bitch-ass tranny.
